modified spelling and max file size description. (#732)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-types-bundle/property-library.md

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}

> If there is a file size limit set for the tenant, you see the limit in the label.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a file size limit set for the tenant, you see this limit in the field.<br>
```

Author: modified.

> If there is a file size limit set for the tenant, the field name for **Max file size in MB** will change accordingly.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is a file size limit set for the tenant, you see the limit along with the field name for **Max file size in MB**<br>
```
